=pod

=head1 NAME

Data::Password::Meter - Check the strength of passwords


=head1 SYNOPSIS

  my $pwdm = Data::Password::Meter->new(28);

  # Check a password
  if ($pwdm->strong('s3cur3-p4ssw0rd')) {
    print "The password is strong enough!\n";
    print 'Scored ' . $pwdm->score . ' points!';
  }
  else {
    warn $pwdm->errstr;
  };


=head1 DESCRIPTION

Check the strength of a password. The scoring is based on
L<Passwordmeter|http://www.geekwisdom.com/js/passwordmeter.js>
by Steve Moitozo.


=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 err

  print $pwdm->err;

The L<error code|/ERROR MESSAGES> of the last failing check.


=head2 errstr

  print $pwdm->errstr;

The L<error string|/ERROR MESSAGES> of the last failing check.


=head2 score

  print $pwdm->score;

The score of the last check.


=head2 threshold

  print $pwdm->threshold;
  $pwdm->threshold(28);

The scoring threshold,
the determining factor when a password is too weak.
Every password that is below this threshold
is considered weak.
Defaults to a score of C<25>.


=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

  my $pwd = Data::Password::Meter->new(28);

Constructs a new password check object.
Accepts an optional value for the L<threshold|/threshold>.


=head2 strong

  if ($pwdm->strong('mypassword')) {
    print 'This password is strong!';
  }
  else {
    print 'This password is weak!';
  };

Checks a password for strength.
Returns a false value in case the password
is considered to be weak.


=head1 ERROR MESSAGES

Possible error codes and strings are:

=over 2

=item *

1. There is no password given

=item *

2. Passwords are not allowed to contain control sequences

=item *

3. Passwords are not allowed to consist of repeating characters only

=item *

4. The password is too short

=item *

5. The password should contain special characters

=item *

6. The password should contain combinations of letters,
numbers and special characters

=item *

7. The password is too short and should contain special characters

=item *

8. The password is too short and should contain combinations of letters,
numbers and special characters

=item *

9. The password should contain special characters and should contain
combinations of letters, numbers and special characters

=item *

10. The password is too short, should contain special characters and
should contain combinations of letters, numbers and special characters

=back


=head1 DEPENDENCIES

No dependencies other than core.


=head1 AVAILABILITY

  https://github.com/Akron/Data-Password-Meter


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2006, Steve Moitozo,
(C) 2013-2014, L<Nils Diewald|http://nils-diewald.de>.

Licensed under the MIT License

=cut
